Where are you?
I'm from there.
Where did I go?
I'm from the valley where I'm from.
Here I've left.
And I fronted around the bed.
Here it is.
Where did I go?
I am here to help you in time.
I'm from the city.
I'm from all of the cities.
Yeah, I've left you.
The city has always been a good place to go.
See, how do you feel about this thing?
Esta, Esta is like a chimera ciberian.
Como la super!
Incluso no estos mejores de señadores apenas por el notar la.
Compe que intruco de tí esta que apen libemementor,
like a chimera ciberian a tí nota vor lí hiramente dulce.
Alifarian ci del resto de la vazura que sacan amel cabo.
Buonito truco de tí esta.
Be ener chó.
Estas contratada.